So while developing this, I had an error message.
It was actually a warning telling me that there wasn't a
schema defined inside of our application.
So I went ahead and copied Maven's project schema
namespace up to the top of our project.
So if you look at the screen now, lines 1 through 4,
I've added just so it doesn't keep complaining that there's
not a schema defined inside of our app.
It runs fine without it,
but you should have this so that the context‑sensitive help
works better for whichever tool you're using.
Let's go ahead and dive into how we add some
dependencies inside of our application.
We already added the dependency for org.apache.commons commons‑lang3
when we were showing some of the other examples before.
But I want to show you the Dependencies tab down
here at the bottom of my screen.
If you're inside of Spring STS,
it'll show you what you have for dependencies inside of your application.
Now if we switch back to the pom.xml tab and I add another dependency in here,
you're going to see the Dependencies tab automatically get updated.
So let's start by adding in here another dependency.
And if you did not add the commons‑lang dependency before,
go ahead and add it now. Make sure you have a dependencies tag
like on line 12 and 18 and then a nested dependency element
inside of there like on line 13 and 17.
I'm going to give myself a little extra space down below here and
add another dependency element inside of here.
And I want to add a  of org.junit.jupiter.
This is the new API for JUnit 5 to run unit tests inside of your application.
So I've got a groupId, now let's add an artifactId, and we
want to put in here junit‑jupiter‑engine.
And I wanted to show this example for two reasons.
First, this is a POM, and it will download the other two dependencies it needs,
and we want to show scoping as well.
So for our version, let's do 5.0.2, and then for our scope,
let's put in test and save this.
Now, it'll build your workspace and we can switch over to
the Dependencies tab, and you see inside of here, we have
the junit‑jupiter‑engine, but if I switch to Dependency Hierarchy,
you'll see it has started to pull in transitive dependencies.
So commons‑lang didn't have any transitive dependencies, but the
junit‑jupiter‑engine POM file pulls in version 1.0.2 of the
engine and 5.0.2 of the jupiter‑api.
You'll also see that it has started to resolve some conflicts.
So with junit‑platform‑commons,
it omitted 1.0.2 for a conflict, so it chose which version
it needed to based off of what it needed to rev up to to
work with other libraries.
Let's switch back to the POM file, and let's add one more dependency here.
We want to add in the hibernate jar, and we want to do another
dependency. And the  for this is org.hibernate, and the
is going to be hibernate‑core.
And then we just want to specify the version, and the version is 5.4.1.Final.
I want to point out here that, in my opinion,
line 29 violates a couple of industry‑common standards.
They're not true industry standards,
but the naming convention of the release is 5.4.1.Final.
I personally think it should be a ‑Final,
and I actually think that Final should be all uppercase.
I actually prefer the word release, but this is what Hibernate chose.
So, as I mentioned before,
the version can be named specifically whatever that developer wants to call it.
But if we go back to our Dependency Hierarchy tab, now look
at all the dependencies it's pulled in.
So we have antlr, byte‑buddy, classmate.
We have all of these other dependencies down here that are resolve
dependencies or transitive dependencies. You can see over in our
Dependency Hierarchy which library pulled in which jar. So
hibernate‑commons‑annotations specifically pulled in jboss‑logging, and
the jaxb‑api pulled in the javax.activaton‑api. Jaxb‑runtime pulled in a
half dozen different libraries that it needed.
So you really start to see we just asked for hibernate‑core,
and it's going to go pull the dependencies it needs and resolve any
compilation errors or library dependencies that it needs to to pull in the
correct set of libraries that your application needs.
So it's a little bit of a complex example.
Let's look at those three again.
We had org.apache.commons that had no transitive dependencies.
It just pulled its own library in.
Then we threw the junit‑jupiter‑engine POM in here,
and it pulled down two other POMs that had those libraries it needed. Then we
pulled in the hibernate‑core that had its own unique naming convention, but
look at all the transitive dependencies it pulled in. That's one reason I
really like Spring STS or Eclipse for this, is this Dependency Hierarchy
viewer really is pretty handy for you trying to troubleshoot which jar is pulling which library in.